Semantic Scholar Open Research Corpus is licensed under ODC-BY.

When using the Semantic Scholar Open Research Corpus (“S2 ORC”) in a product or service, or including data in a redistribution, please cite the following paper:

Waleed Ammar et al. 2018. Construction of the Literature Graph in Semantic Scholar. NAACL
https://www.semanticscholar.org/paper/09e3cf5704bcb16e6657f6ceed70e93373a54618

This site is provided by The Allen Institute for Artificial Intelligence (“AI2”) as a service to the research community. The site is covered by AI2 Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. AI2 does not claim ownership of any materials on this site unless specifically identified. AI2 does not exercise editorial control over the contents of this site. AI2 respects the intellectual property rights of others. If you believe your copyright or trademark is being infringed by something on this site, please follow the "DMCA Notice" process set out in the Terms of Use.


            SEMANTIC SCHOLAR API AND DATASET LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS ONLINE DATASET LICENSE AGREEMENT (“AGREEMENT”) IS BY AND BETWEEN THE ALLEN
INSTITUTE FOR ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE, LOCATED AT 2157 NORTH NORTHLAKE WAY,
SUITE 110, SEATTLE WA 98103 (“AI2” OR “US”) AND THE INDIVIDUAL OR LEGAL ENTITY
(“LICENSEE” ) WHO IS USING THE APPLICABLE DATA MADE AVAILABLE BY AI2 (“DATA”)
AND GOVERNS ALL USE BY LICENSEE OF THE DATA. BY CLICKING THE “I ACCEPT” BUTTON
OR BY ACCESSING, DOWNLOADING OR OTHERWISE USING THE DATA, LICENSEE EXPRESSLY
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT LICENSEE HAS READ, UNDERSTANDS AND ACCEPTS AND AGREES TO BE
BOUND BY THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF LICENSEE IS AN INDIVIDUAL ACTING ON
BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, LICENSEE REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS THAT LICENSEE HAS THE
AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY AND TO LEGALLY
BIND THAT ENTITY. IF LICENSEE DOES NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, OR IF LICENSEE DOES
NOT AGREE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, LICENSEE IS NOT GRANTED PERMISSION
TO ACCESS OR OTHERWISE USE THE DATA.

This Agreement, including all referenced
documents located at the URLs listed below is effective as of the date Licensee
download the Data.

1) Definitions. Capitalized terms used herein have the following definitions:

  a) “Data” means any journals, articles, metadata, abstracts, pdfs and full-texts
  and any other content types provided to Licensee by AI2.

  b) “DOI” means a Digital Object Identifier which is a unique universal identifier
  associated with a paper, journal or author.

2) License Grant. Effective as of the Effective Date, AI2 grants to Licensee a
worldwide, perpetual (except as provided in Section 8(d) below), non-exclusive,
non-transferable, non-sublicensable license to use and make derivatives of the
Data only for Licensee’s non-commercial operation and use and subject to the
further provisions below:

  a) Licensee agrees that any public use of data must point back to Semantic Scholar
  at https://www.semanticscholar.org/ with a utm_source=api UTM parameter and

  b) Licensee will also include the Semantic Scholar name and logo on any public
  displays of the Data

3) Restrictions. The foregoing License is limited.  Licensee may not: (a) copy or
use the Data in any manner except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; (b)
transfer, sell, rent, lease, commercialize, lend, distribute, or sublicense the
Data to any third party; (c) reverse engineer, disassemble, or decompile the
Data (except to the extent such restrictions are prohibited by law); (d) alter
or remove any proprietary notices in the Data; (f) use or make available the
Data for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by this Agreement or
otherwise.  If Licensee does not comply with the License terms or the foregoing
restrictions, AI2 may terminate this Agreement for cause immediately. Further,
any and all commercial use of the Data is strictly prohibited. Prohibited
commercial use includes, but is not limited to, selling, leasing, or licensing
the Data for monetary or other commercial gain, or embedding or installing the
Data into products for Licensee’s own commercial gain or for the commercial
gain of third parties. If Licensee is uncertain as to whether Licensee’s
contemplated use of the Data is permissible, do not use the Data and instead
contact AI for further information. 

4) Proprietary Rights. Other than the License granted in Section 2 above, AI2 and
its licensors retain all right, title and interest in and to the Data and all
components thereof, including all patent, copyright, trademark, and trade
secret rights.   Licensee agrees and acknowledges that any feedback,
suggestions, ideas, comments, improvements or other input (“Feedback”) about
the Data provided by Licensee to AI2 is voluntarily given, and AI2 shall be
free to use the Feedback as it sees fit without obligation or restriction of
any kind.

5) Warranty. AI2 warrants that it has the right to make the Data available to
Licensee as provided for in and subject to this Agreement and in accordance
with applicable law.  The warranties under this Section do not apply to any
noncompliance resulting from any use by Licensee not in accordance with this
Agreement.  EXCEPT FOR THE LIMITED WARRANTY IN THIS SECTION, THE DATA IS
PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND.  AI2 DISCLAIMS ANY AND
ALL WARRANTIES, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY
WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY, AND/OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

6) Indemnification.

  a) Indemnification.  Each party (“Indemnitor”) will indemnify the other
  (“Indemnitee”) in respect of any third party claims, proceedings, costs or
  damages, including actual attorneys’ fees and court costs and expenses in any
  such third party action, proceeding or case, and agreed settlements (i)  to the
  extent that the authorized use of the Data infringes any patent, or any
  copyright, trademark or other proprietary right of such third party.  If any
  settlement requires a non-monetary obligation of Indemnitor (other than ceasing
  use of the Data), then such settlement will require Indemnitor’s prior written
  consent, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld.

  b) Exclusions.  Indemnitor will have no liability for any infringement claim to
  the extent based on Indemnitee’s use of the Data other than in accordance with
  this Agreement.

7) Limitation of Liability.

  a) Indirect Damages.  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EXCEPT AS
  OTHERWISE PROVIDED SPECIFICALLY IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER
  PARTY, ITS AFFILIATES, LICENSORS, OR THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS,
  EMPLOYEES, CONTRACTORS OR AGENTS BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR TO ANY THIRD
  PARTY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES
  OR FOR THE COST OF PROCURING SUBSTITUTE PRODUCTS OR SERVICES ARISING OUT OF OR
  IN ANY WAY RELATING TO OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT EVEN IF ADVISED OF
  THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF AND REGARDLESS OF THE LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY
  (CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) UPON WHICH THE CLAIM IS BASED.

  b) Aggregate Liability.  IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR
  DIRECT DAMAGES, FROM ALL CAUSES OF ACTION AND UNDER ALL THEORIES OF LIABILITY,
  EXCEED $10,000.

  c) Exclusion - Violations of Law and Indemnification.  The limits in this Section
  7 do not apply to indemnification or violations of applicable laws.

8) Term and Termination.

  a) Term:  This Agreement will continue until terminated by a party as provided
  herein.

  b) Termination for Convenience:  Either party may terminate this Agreement upon
  thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to the other.

  c) Termination for Cause: Either party may terminate this Agreement if the other
  party materially breaches its obligations and, where such breach is curable,
  such breach remains uncured for thirty (30) days following written notice of
  the breach.

  d) Effect of Termination:

    i) Upon termination of this Agreement for Convenience pursuant to Section 8(b)
    above; (1) each party will promptly return to the other all of the other
    party’s Confidential Information within its possession or control and will
    certify in writing that it has complied with its obligations to return all such
    Confidential Information; and (2) AI2 will not provide any updates to the Data
    after the effective date of termination; and

    ii) Upon termination of this Agreement for Cause pursuant to Section 8(c) above,
    the License granted by AI2 hereunder will automatically cease as of the
    effective date of termination and Licensee must uninstall any installed Data,
    cease using all Data and take down any links to the Data, and certify in
    writing that all known copies thereof, including backup copies, have been
    destroyed or disabled in all forms and types of media as of the effective date
    of termination.

  e) The following will survive termination of this Agreement for any reason: any
  and all liabilities accrued before the effective date of termination; and the
  provisions of this Agreement concerning proprietary rights, indemnity,
  disclaimers of warranty, limitation of liability, and governing law.

9) Compliance with Laws.

  a) Each party will comply with all applicable local, state, national, and
  international laws and regulations with respect to AI2’s license and Licensee’s
  use of the Data.

  b) Data provided by AI2 is from copyrighted sources of the respective copyright
  holders. Licensee is solely responsible for its and its users’ compliance with
  any copyright, patent or trademark restrictions and are referred to the
  copyright, patent or trademark notices appearing in the original sources, all
  of which are hereby incorporated by reference.

10) Confidentiality.  Licensee and AI2 will maintain the confidentiality of
Confidential Information. The receiving party of any Confidential Information
of the other party agrees not to use such Confidential Information for any
purpose except as necessary to fulfill its obligations and exercise its rights
under this Agreement. The receiving party will protect the secrecy of and
prevent disclosure and unauthorized use of the disclosing party's Confidential
Information using the same degree of care that it takes to protect its own
confidential information and in no event will use less than reasonable care.
The terms of this Confidentiality section will survive termination of this
Agreement.  Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, the receiving
party will, at the disclosing party’s option, promptly return or destroy (and
provide written certification of such destruction) the disclosing party’s
Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any proprietary
information received by the other party during, or prior to entering into, this
Agreement that is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure or that
a party reasonably should know is confidential or proprietary based on the
circumstances surrounding the disclosure including, without limitation, the
Documentation and any non-public technical and business information.
Confidential Information does not include information that (a) is or becomes
generally known to the public through no fault of or breach of this Agreement
by the receiving party; (b) is rightfully known by the receiving party at the
time of disclosure without an obligation of confidentiality; (c) is
independently developed by the receiving party without use of the disclosing
party’s Confidential Information; or (d) the receiving party rightfully obtains
from a third party without restriction on use or disclosure.  Where AI2 is the
disclosing party, “Confidential Information” also means any non-public
information about Mr. Paul G. Allen, his estate, his family, businesses,
assets, and properties (including interests, assets, or properties held in
trust for Mr. Allen).

11) Export Compliance.  As required by the laws of the United States and other
countries, Licensee represents and warrants that Licensee: (a) understands that
the Data may be subject to export controls under the U.S. Commerce Department's
Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"); (b) is not located in a prohibited
destination country under the EAR or U.S. sanctions regulations; (c) will not
export, re-export, or transfer the Data to any prohibited destination or
persons or entities on the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security Denied Parties
List or Entity List, or the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control list of
Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or any similar lists
maintained by other countries, without the necessary export license(s) or
authorization(s); (d) will not use or transfer the Data in connection with any
nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, missile technology, or military
end-uses where prohibited by an applicable arms embargo, unless authorized by
the relevant government agency by regulation or specific license; and (e) and
agrees that Licensee will be solely responsible for compliance with any such
import, use, or export restrictions.

12) General.

  a) If for any reason a court of competent jurisdiction finds any provision of this
  Agreement invalid or unenforceable, that provision of the Agreement will be
  enforced to the maximum extent permissible and the other provisions of this
  Agreement will remain in full force and effect.

  b) The failure by either party to enforce any provision of this Agreement will not
  constitute a waiver of future enforcement of that or any other provision. All
  waivers must be in writing and signed by both parties.

  c) All notices permitted or required under this Agreement will be in writing and
  will be delivered in person, by confirmed facsimile, overnight courier service
  or mailed by first class, registered or certified mail, postage prepaid. Such
  notice will be deemed to have been given upon receipt.

  d) This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Washington, U.S.A.,
  excluding its conflicts of law rules. The parties expressly agree that the UN
  Convention for the International Sale of Goods (CISG) or the Uniform Computer
  Information Transactions Act (UCITA) will not apply.

  e) Any amendment or modification to the Agreement must be in writing signed by
  both parties.

  f) In the event of a conflict between this Agreement and other applicable
  documents between the Parties, the terms of this Agreement will apply and will
  take precedence.

